[NARRATOR]
While the nations of the world
waged a fierce war of
information in the shadows.
There were two countries
particularly at odds.
Ostania in the east,
and Westalis in the west.
In order to keep an eye
on a leading figure in
Ostania's government,
Westalis began a
top-secret mission
called "Operation Strix."
With the master of disguise
known as Twilight at the helm,
phase one of the plan
has been completed--
creating a false
family as a cover
and enrolling his "child"
in the esteemed Eden College.
[NARRATOR]
The father, a spy.
The mother, an assassin.
The daughter, a telepath.
To ensure the success
of the mission,
this trio must hide
their true selves.
Anya's heroic deed has
earned her a Stella Star,
the first of eight
required to become
one of Eden's exclusive
Imperial Scholars.
Now the mission moves
on to phase two--
securing an invitation
to attend the gathering
that will place Twilight
right next to their target,
Donovan Desmond.
[KEITH]
All right. Locked and loaded.
Let's get this started.
[ANNOUNCER A]
Now for our top story.
Yesterday afternoon,
Foreign Minister Brantz and
his entourage from Westalis
were greeted by top officials
at Berlint Airport.
The much-anticipated ministerial
summit begins tonight,
where the parties will talk of
peace between East and West.
[YOR gasps]
Oh, no, are you okay?
[TWILIGHT] Anya, careful
not to eat too quickly.
[ANYA]
Fanks for the food!
Come on, Mama and
Papa, it's time to go!
[TWILIGHT sighs]
So much energy.
Can you blame her, though?
Today's the big day.
[ANYA] Borf, borfie, borf-borf.
Borf, borfie, borf-borf.
I'm glad to see you so happy.
Hey, you think Mister
Doggie eats peanuts?
I'd be careful trying
to find that one out.
Puppies have special
food they like.
[TWILIGHT] What appears
to be a family outing
is part of Operation Strix.
Our destination: A pet shop.
And here we are.
[ANYA gasps]
[TWILIGHT] Anya has expressed
wanting a dog as reward
for earning her first Stella.
[TWILIGHT]
She needs seven more
to get us into Desmond's
social scene,
so it's crucial that we
do whatever it takes
to keep her motivated.
[ANYA] Good doggie.
Borf, borfie, borf-borf.
[PET SHOP OWNER A]
Welcome.
Well, sir, what do you think?
I assure you, the dogs
have all been through
a rigorous training regimen.
[TWILIGHT] This pet shop
works with our agency
selling war dogs.
I thought it'd be best
to get a guard dog
for numerous reasons, however...
Wow!
What a bunch of smart and cute
puppies, huh? Don't you think?
[TWILIGHT]
That's a no face!
She doesn't want any of them!
Uh, do you have any
smaller models
that may be a tiny bit adorable?
[PET SHOP OWNER A]
Hmm...
I suppose I could consult
with a breeder that I know.
Apparently, a shelter
is putting on
a big adoption event right now.
[TWILIGHT] Good, we'll try
our luck over there.
[TWILIGHT]
Looks like I've got a new order.
Uhh... something's really not
agreeing with my stomach.
You two go on ahead to the
shelter by the train station.
I need to find a bathroom.
Uh, oh, Loid, are you okay?
We can wait for you!
Papa takes a whole lotta
time in the crapper,
so we should probably go.
I didn't consider that.
Let's go on, then.
You should watch your
mouth, young lady.
[TWILIGHT] I appreciate
the cover she's given me,
but at what cost?
[TWILIGHT]
Wait, you didn't say anything
about taking me all the
way to headquarters.
If I'm gone too long, they'll
start getting suspicious.
Well, you can take that up with
Handler. This is an emergency.
[TWILIGHT] A plot to kill
Foreign Minister Brantz?
It's very likely
they're planning
to target tonight's event.
We believe it's a group of
isolationists, all young people,
mostly students who are
attending Berlint University.
The Secret Police has had their
eyes on that group as well.
Luckily, we picked up one
who was casing the embassy.
He's currently
being interrogated.
But he's not talking, won't give
up any info on his cohorts.
Right. And that's the
reason I was called in?
Bein' an agent and a dad,
sounds like a tough
balancing act to me.
Being a father is a big
part of the mission.
Not sure if I'm changing,
or it's just the times,
but a kid like this
being a terrorist
is a hard pill to swallow.
[door opens]
[KRIS] Keep coming back all
you want, I'll never talk.
I won't rat out my friends.
That's fine. You're no
longer necessary.
At least, now that we've
captured your leader.
[gasps]
Ah! It's Keith!
Hey! That's the guy!
He's the one who planned
the entire thing!
He tricked everybody else
into helping him do this!
[KRIS gasps]
What the hell are you saying?
You know it wasn't me!
I'll tell you everything, okay?
I'm willing to make a deal...!
Shut up, will ya?
Keep walkin', punk.
[KRIS] No way. Is he really
gonna try to pin this on me?
[HANDLER] Some friend he
turned out to be, huh?
Honestly, we don't care which
one of you is the leader.
We just want to talk to whoever
gives us the intel we need.
Now what shall we do with you?
Please, give me chance!
I'm not the one in charge!
I swear on my life,
all of it was his idea!
He's the mastermind!
Perhaps we can have a
nice conversation, then.
[KRIS] Like I said, Keith
planned the whole thing...
[SENIOR AGENT A] I gotta say,
it was a stroke of luck
that we had some footage
of this Keith character
to go off of.
It'd be luckier to have
a bit more footage
so I could play
the role perfectly.
A true professional
would've been on to us.
[KRIS]
And there's Kevin and Kim,
who're engineering students.
Those are the only names
that I actually know.
We've got two safehouses--
one's a warehouse near campus,
the other's above
a bar on 11th.
How was the assassination
to be carried out?
With dogs.
Don't know how many they got,
but the plan was to strap some
bombs onto a dozen or so dogs,
and then they'd ambush him
while he was on the move.
You're using bomb dogs?
Doesn't bode well.
Stopping trained dogs'll
be no easy task.
It's impossible.
The kind of money all
that would involve...
For the cost of
training one dog,
you could purchase
a small missile.
I can't imagine
ordinary students
having those resources at hand.
[SENIOR AGENT A] They must have
some deep pockets backing them,
like a far-right group,
or maybe even another
foreign government.
[HANDLER]
As you heard,
we've got a real
problem on our hands.
We'll have to make
the first move
in order to head off the attack.
[TWILIGHT] Could they just
cancel the summit?
[HANDLER]
Doubt it.
Not only would it be an
embarrassment for Ostania,
it gives the opposition
exactly what they want.
Covertly leak this intel
to the ruling party.
I'm sure they're in no mood
for this kind of
international incident.
Ma'am.
[HANDLER] Sorry, but we'll need
your help for a bit longer.
Understood.
[HANDLER] East-West relations
are on exceedingly thin ice.
If this reaches the public, even
a failed assassination attempt
may cause that ice to break.
Whatever it takes,
we'll stop them.
I'm gonna grab us some
coffee. Be right back.
You pups better behave, ya hear?
[TERRORIST B] Heh. Wow, these
dogs are definitely smart.
Though maybe a bit
long in the tooth.
[BOY A laughing]
[MOTHER A] Hey!
Careful not to trip and fall!
[BOY A]
Woo-hoo!
[TERRORIST B grunts]
Get back here!
[BOY A]
No! He's tryin' to eat me!
[BOY A yelps]
[gasps, screams]
[PASSERBY A] That sign
just fell off the building!
[PASSERBY B] Thing nearly
took that kid out, too.
Wow, you really saved
my life just now.
Thanks a lot, doggie.
[barks]
I'm so sorry about
my dog, ma'am.
I told ya not to run
off, ya fleabag!
What's the matter?
[TERRORIST B]
Stupid mutt just bolted on me.
I dunno, are these
dogs gonna work?
[TERRORIST A] Well, it's too
late for a change of plan now.
Staked out the location
and got all the logistics
squared away.
Plus, if we piss off Keith,
we'll be in a world of hurt.
[gasping]
[YOR] Wow, I never imagined
we'd see so many animals here!
Although I wonder why
didn't Loid suggest
checking this place out first.
[ANYA]
Tiny li'l doggies!
And kitties!
And fuzzy bunnies!
Please don't run around
all willy-nilly!
I'm afraid you'll get
lost in the crowd!
Listen, Anya.
Promise you won't leave this
area with the doggies, okay?
I promise.
[YOR]
Ah, that dachshund is adorable!
Look at its stubby little legs!
It's cute even with stubby legs?
So that means I'm cute, too.
A Chew-wa-wa! A Pomper ray-nyan!
Are you looking to
adopt a dog today?
Is there a breed you'd say
is easy to take care of?
[gasps]
[ANYA]
That's a big ol' Mister Doggie.
[gasps]
[ANYA]
Me and my family?
[TERRORIST B]
Keep movin', ya mongrel!
[ANYA]
Did I read Mister Doggie's mind?
Well, there's toy poodles.
They barely shed, so you won't
have to worry about that.
[gasps]
Hey, Mama,
there's a doggie out there
that knows about our family!
Um, what in the world
are you saying?
[gasps]
Shih Tzus are small,
not to mention incredibly
sweet and cuddly.
[ANYA]
I'll be back in a minute.
Some weird business?
[ANYA]
Where did he run off to?
Mister Doggie.
[ANYA]
Who are you?
[KEITH] You better not
have done anything
to draw attention to us.
[TERRORIST B]
Don't worry, Keith.
Place was crawlin' with
people and their dogs
'cause of that adoption thing.
The big day's here at last.
Once our plan goes down,
the facade of peace
between the East and
West will explode
right along with the
Foreign Minister.
If we wanna restore Ostania
to its former glory,
it's clear what has to be done.
Give Brantz the honor of being
the catalyst for war.
We'll bring those arrogant pigs
of the West to their knees!
[TERRORISTS]
Bring 'em down!
[ANYA]
They're bad guys?
This must be the
bad guys' house!
[ANYA yelps]
[KURT] Hey, what in the
hell are you thinking?
This little brat heard
everything you just said!
What's a kid even
doin' here, anyway?
[TERRORIST B]
So, uh, what do we do?
[KURT]
Not so fast!
[KEITH]
What do we do, huh? Well...
[gasps]
We just need to take
care of her, don't we?
[TERRORIST C] Hey, calm down,
okay? She's just a kid, man.
And if she tattles
to her parents,
we can kiss our plan goodbye!
Kurt, make sure she
doesn't scream.
[DOG barking]
[DOG growling]
Mister Doggie!
[TERRORIST B] This one's got
a real problem with listening!
[TERRORIST A]
Maybe instead of training him,
we should put him down.
[barking]
[TERRORIST D] You picked
the wrong guy to bark at.
I'm gonna shut you up for good.
[ANYA]
Huh?
[ANYA gasps]
Stupid mutt.
What are you doing?
We can't have you
damaging the goods.
But what about all
the noise he's making?
Nobody's gonna notice that.
I mean, with all
the dogs over there,
this one barking
isn't a problem.
Anya! Where did you go?
Um, excuse me,
did you happen to see a little
girl who looks kinda like this?
[PATRON A]
I dunno.
[PATRON C]
Not that I remember.
[YOR] I don't see her. Like
she's not even here anymore.
Oh, no. I hope one of these
dogs hasn't eaten her!
No, get a hold of yourself.
That is extremely unlikely.
Well, if that's not it,
was she kidnapped?
[ANNOUNCER A] There have been
a string of kidnappings
in Central Ariane
involving young women
who were abducted and
forced into marriage.
[YOR]
That's terrifying!
[KIDNAPPER A chuckles]
[KIDNAPPER A]
You gonna be my bride, girlie!
[ANYA yells]
[gasps]
[YOR]
No! What am I gonna do?
Poor little Anya's gonna be
forced to marry some creep!
And Loid isn't even
here to help.
Oh, what do I do?
What do I do? What do I do?
I hope you're done in
the bathroom soon, Loid!
We need you!
[HANDLER] Both of those
locations he fed us
had already been abandoned.
Any luck on your end?
I believe so.
They rented two vans under
the name of Kevin Knowles.
Seems to be one
of the terrorists.
The plate numbers are--
Excellent. We will
follow up on that.
As for the dogs,
looking into where they
may've been sourced,
we discovered a lead that
could prove to be fruitful.
I'm sure you've probably
heard of it before.
[HANDLER]
It's called Project Apple.
It was a research
initiative developed
under Ostania's previous regime,
with the goal of producing
highly intelligent animals
for military purposes.
I'm aware of it.
I'd heard they performed some
extremely reckless experiments,
but the government collapsed
and the project was scuttled,
for good, it appears.
The ultimate results were far
below their intended goals, too.
[HANDLER]
Right.
And there are rumors swirling
that the dogs and other animals
wound up on the black market
instead of being put down.
[TWILIGHT] And you suspect
that the terrorists
got a hold of them?
[HANDLER]
It's a possibility.
The experiment they survived
may have been a failure,
but in all likelihood,
they're still highly intelligent
and well-trained dogs.
[DOG growling]
[HANDLER]
Be on your guard.
We have no idea what
they may be capable of.
Now just step away from
the dog, you little brat.
I promise to make this
quick and painless.
[BOTH gasp]
[ANYA]
Huh?
[phone ringing]
The phone?
Come on. Let's get this over--
[phone ringing]
[TERRORIST E] Who the hell
would call right now?
[TERRORIST E]
Yeah?
No way! Seriously?
You're not gonna wanna
hear this, Keith!
But we just got word our
safehouses were raided!
Yeah? You think it might've
been the Secret Police?
What the hell?
Did someone rat on us?
I haven't seen or heard
from Kris all morning.
Kinda thought something
might be up.
[TERRORIST C] Good thing
we changed locations.
I want everybody
to keep it cool!
This just means we gotta
switch over to Plan B and--
The hell?! Where'd
she run off to?!
[KURT]
What? Uh. Hey!
[ANYA yelping]
Is Mister Doggie
really my friend?
[DOG barks]
[ANYA] Hey, how'd you know
the phone was gonna ring
before it happened?
[ANYA] Is it 'cause...
you can see the future?
Is he like me?
Does he have a superpower?
[ANYA] Wait, go over into
that building, Mister Doggie!
We'll find Mama
and she'll save us!
You're going the wrong
way! Turn around!
[gasps]
[ANYA screaming]
Was that Anya just now?
[KEITH growls]
What are you dumbasses doing?!
[TERRORIST D]
I got distracted by the phone.
[TERRORIST A] It's not like
she can do anything.
Let's get on with the plan!
You kidding me?!
She's seen all our faces!
Let's go, Kurt!
We'll take one of these mutts.
You're going after her?
[KEITH]
Tear that map off the wall.
We gotta vacate this dump, too.
You guys go on to the
location and spread out.
[TERRORIST F]
Got it.
Doggie! Please stop! Let me off!
Someone! Please save me!
I'm being chased by
a bunch of bad guys!
That's the cutest thing
I've ever seen.
Looks like an intense
game of tag!
[ANYA]
Mister Doggie runs super fast!
It's kinda scary.
[ANYA]
And so cool!
Okay, Mister Doggie!
Let's just keep on running
and go straight to
the police ociffers!
It's me and you.
We'll work together as a
team to beat the bad guys
and save the day!
And when we do,
Starlight Anya will shine again!
[DOG barks]
[DOG barking]
[ANYA]
Huh? Huh?!
You saved us a lotta trouble.
You took us back there, Doggy!
Turn!
You're not getting
away, pipsqueak.
Do it. And do it quickly.
Uh, okay.
Now don't take this
personally, kid.
[KURT yells]
[YOR] You think you'd
get away with this,
you kidnapping pervert?
No! Little Anya is too
young to get married!
[inaudbile]